<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
  	<link href="epub.css" media="all" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  	<script type="text/javascript" src="svg.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body id="conceptual_flow_with_tasks">
    <div class="content-wrapper">
      <div id="chapter_container">
  <article class="chapter">
    <h2 class="chapter-name">Copyright and Notices</h2>
    	<div class="important clear">
  <aside class="aside">
    <p class="aside-title uppercase">Important
    </p>
    <p class="para">This is a preliminary document for an API or technology in development. Although this document has been reviewed for technical accuracy, it is not final. This Apple confidential information is for use only by registered members of the applicable Apple Developer program. Apple is supplying this confidential information to help you plan for the adoption of the technologies and programming interfaces described herein. This information is subject to change, and software implemented according to this document should be tested with final operating system software and final documentation. Newer versions of this document may be provided with future seeds of the API or technology.
    </p>
    
  </aside>
</div>

    	<section class="section">
        <p class="para"><span>Apple Inc.<br />Copyright © 2016 Apple Inc.<br /><br /></span></p><p class="para"><span>
This document is made available under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) License: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
</span></p><p class="para"><span>
No licenses, express or implied, are granted with respect to any of the technology described in this document. Apple retains all intellectual property rights associated with the technology described in this document.
</span></p><p class="para"><span>Apple Inc.<br />1 Infinite Loop<br />Cupertino, CA 95014<br />408-996-1010</span></p><section class="section">
  <p class="para"><span>Apple, the Apple logo, Bonjour, Cocoa, Cocoa Touch, Logic, Mac, Numbers, Objective-C, OS X, Retina, Sand, Shake, and Xcode are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.</span></p>
</section><section class="section">
  <p class="para"><span>Swift and tvOS are trademarks of Apple Inc.</span></p>
</section><section class="section">
  <p class="para"><span>IOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries and is used under license.</span></p>
</section><section class="section">
  <p class="para"><span>Times is a registered trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, available from Linotype Library GmbH.</span></p>
</section>
  		</section>     	
  </article>
</div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
